---
title: A weekend in carbland
date: 2016-06-06
---

This weekend I flew to Michigan to celebrate my partner's birthday with his family. It was a gluttonous trip wherein I ate pancakes, fruit, airline pretzels, and drank beer and wine.

My partner's mom is very thoughtful and always provides us with delicious meals, snacks, and drinks, but they are almost always low-fat, high-carbohydrate foods. I could have bought a couple of fatty ribeye steaks and a pack of bacon to get me through the weekend, but...

1. I didn't want to be rude.
2. The main event of the trip was an overnight bike ride. We biked 13 miles to Dearborn, spent the night at a hotel, and biked back in the morning. There was no practical way to track down and cook enough fatty meats to sustain me.

## How I felt

Like garbage. I had stomach cramps at night, and woke up with horrible hunger pains in the morning. I felt dizzy and unreasonably hungry several times throughout the weekend.

## How the food tasted

Meh. I don't enjoy sweet foods as much as I used to. For example, I used to *love* pancakes, but when I ate them this weekend it was only because I needed something to fuel me for the 13 mile bike ride ahead.

## Summary

I ate a lot of carbs this weekend and suffered the consequences. Carbs, not even once.

I also lost five pounds. I attribute this to the bike ride. I really hope it was fat and not muscle mass. Cardio, not even once.

Do I wish I hadn't eaten carbs? Yes. I'm disappointed, but I'm home now and eating my normal diet of bacon, eggs, butter, etc. I'll be back in ketosis in a couple of days, so I'm not sweating it too much. Life goes on.
